Hey guys welcome back.
OK so this is day nine.
I want to say and nine or 10.
And we are at about twenty to three hundred followers.
OK so I want to check in and show you what I've been doing in the last like two or three days not entirely
sure I'm traveling in Europe while I'm doing this so the check ins or less frequent ones are not doing
as much as I could so we're growing a lot faster.
But that's probably not realistic to expect a lot of you guys out there to just go crazy at this every
single day for 10 hours.
Really I'm spending probably 30 minutes or an hour a day tops.
And then every three or four days then spending a little chunk of time working on something and the
next thing that we want to do.
OK so as you can see here last time I think we checked in I was around to say 3300 fall or something
like that.
But you can see that there has been a massive ramp up.
So 3300 to 23:00.
And then this I think this is just a time zone issue.
So that should actually.
Yeah.
Anyway so what happened on the first between the first and the second was that actually ran multiple
paid promotions and it was just a matter of timing actually.
So I've been going through a lot of accounts and just messaging them the same thing over and over again
as you can see and all I've been doing is saying hey do you do shout outs so you know how much first
shout out.
And then let's see.
Do you do paid shout out.
I was doing was just going to one of these accounts so say.
Interesting engineering.
We'll see if we can get to their account.
And then looking at the suggested tabs here the suggested tab and then just gives you tons and tons
and tons of these.
So I was kind of going off of the engineering science physics and some tech gadget kind of threads and
then grabbing people and then messaging minority response rates probably 30 percent.
But I can send 50 of these messages in probably an hour or so.
It's not particularly hard.
Now of the response I got so this person can do it.
So they said 40 for a post 15 for a story 190000 would end up doing was working with this account so
inspiring.
Doh.
And they had two accounts ended up happening is we actually just posted multiple things together.
So I did a story post with inspiring us and there Acosta was See I believe they were 30.
I mean their prices.
Yes I did a promo for a story shout out.
Yes it was 20 bucks.
They didn't actually do a post for me.
And then their partner account or the account that they also operate was called entrepreneur quotes.
So this one and up paying them through it through Paypal.
So let's say I did a post and a story with them so that was 40 20.
I think that ended up being a 60 or 70.
OK so what they did is they posted stories and they did that.
It was just bizarre.
They originally were supposed to post it on the same day and I could measure how well it worked but
it didn't have happening was the guy just had problems with his account he couldn't post so it delayed
it by a couple of days.
He kept saying like I can't post my counts like locked out.
This guy was and that he couldn't get any of the things I was sending him and blah blah blah blah blah.
So wouldn't it happening as he finally did it and then he posted these stories.
Well I had already scheduled another post with another one grand attack.
Remember this one had done this on before and they posted the exact same time.
So I believe this was theirs.
Let's see where was it a repost of another one of mine.
And yeah that was it.
Maybe they just remove the actual reference to it.
So they did it the same exact time and then I did a brilliant invention's post and that one also bows
at the same time.
So if I want to be really and then and zoom in those just gigantic cost $90 to do it.
But it was obviously worth it.
So this was the one that I posted where on self-checkouts they wouldn't let me upload videos so I message
this account and I was like can I give you videos I think videos are better.
They never responded.
Eventually they did respond but way too late senator doing was just taking a screen shot and then adding
a fake video icon to the top right.
And then it is a really simple caption like who doesn't want three arms go to of the station watch video
crazy.
And that one did really really well.
So I noticed a huge uptick once this one posted.
And I think it's just because of the simplicity and then it drove a lot of people to my page.
And then a lot of people just started liking a lot of different things.
You see a lot of people doing multiple at a time and that's good.
And that really helped with the engagement distribution of my posts.
So that worked out decently well.
The goal right now is to get to about 5000 followers with paid or other easier ways of promotion.
Because at that point then I can start doing shout outs.
It's hard for instance to go to an account that has 2000 followers and say you want to do a shout for
shout because they just don't really care it's not going to drive that much attention per the amount
of effort it's going to take.
So I think 5000 is probably good entry point.
I can find a lot of 5000 people accounts or 10000 and I can work with that.
But until that point there's not a whole lot I can do on that front.
Once I get to 5000 then I'll actually switch and start doing other things.
Now the other thing I did was on the content side I started hiring a another virtual assistant to help
manage the process of posting because the main virtual assistant is kind of overloaded and we need to
move on to the next step which is stories so down that we actually have some followers.
We have our post-process down there awareness are working on stories.
I've already made some promotional stories and I'm sure I've showed you these before you've probably
seen these indep looking like this.
You can see the inspiring DOS and they have a story and then so I just did this fast paced
video that quickly shows a bunch of things that we cover and it uses kind of this techno theme to it.
And then what happens is it cuts to another page it says follow for tech and trends and scroll up see
more scroll up just takes you to my account.
OK.
So did that with two different accounts and it worked out decently well stories are pretty cheap so
I might stick to that but now I have to devise a scheme for how we're going to do stories.
Now my idea for stories so far is just to just make it simple and every day we'll just post a shorter
version of each video.
So the video is you know 40 30 seconds 40 seconds 45 seconds or so max Being a minute but the longest
story you can make is 15 seconds.
All right.
So we talked about this in the story section.
So what I'm going to try to do is just make shorter faster versions of it so you can kind of get the
hits.
And I was thinking was putting a screen at the very beginning it says which one is your favorite or
saying top three of the day or top five of the day.
Or even just innovations of the day something like that something that people can do rapidly.
And I think that's pretty easy to do.
So it's just one more thing for the editors to do is just as opposed to making a 45 minute one to make
a 45 minute one and say like a 10 second one really fast clip one.
OK.
So that's pretty much where I'm at.
I'm going to continue with paid promotions until we get to that 5000.
It's just a matter of managing them.
If I had a little bit of time what I could do is message more people and and manage more paid promotions
so I could get there a lot faster.
But I can only do so much at a time.
So that's how we're going to do going to get to stories.
And at the moment I'm working on getting that other virtual assistant up to speed they've actually been
posting on the dummy account.
So you can see where they've been posting these just practicing getting the captions right and hashtags
right once they're ready then they'll start taking over for that then we'll move on to stories and sometimes
stories then we'll start moving on to shout for shouts and then automating our outreach.
And then we'll probably start integrating live videos for weekly giveaways and then we'll probably round
it off with the zombies which I need to make sure that I have a lot of resources available to manage
that so I need at least one person to help go through that process with me.
That's probably going to be the biggest growth factor I'm predicting but it's further down on the road
map.
So okay that's where we're at.
I'll see you guys next time and have a second to check it.